set jenkins-lts as the recommended way of installing Jenkins (#991)
fastlane/docs: docs/best-practices/continuous-integration/jenkins.md

> The recommended way to install [Jenkins](http://jenkins-ci.org/) is through [homebrew](http://brew.sh/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way to [install Jenkins on macOS](https://www.jenkins.io/download/lts/macos/) is through [homebrew](http://brew.sh/):
```
